---
title: "Privacy"
date: 2023-05-16T15:21:15-04:00
---
DrewGriffin.com is a personal blog made using the wordpress platform and studiopress framework.

**Website Visitors**  
Like most website operators, DrewGriffin.com collects 
non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and
 servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language 
preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor 
request. DrewGriffin.com’s purpose in collecting non-personally 
identifying information is to better understand how DrewGriffin.com’s 
visitors use its website.

DrewGriffin.com also collects potentially personally-identifying 
information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. DrewGriffin.com does 
not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not
 disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that
 it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described 
below.

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**  
Certain visitors to DrewGriffin.com choose to interact with 
DrewGriffin.com in ways that require DrewGriffin.com to gather 
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information 
that DrewGriffin.com gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. 
For example, we ask visitors who use our forums to provide a username 
and email address. In each case, DrewGriffin.com collects such 
information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the 
purpose of the visitor’s interaction with DrewGriffin.com. 
DrewGriffin.com does not disclose personally-identifying information 
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply 
personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent 
them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**  
DrewGriffin.com discloses no potentially personally-identifying and 
personally-identifying information. Period. DrewGriffin.com will not 
rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and 
personally-identifying information to anyone. DrewGriffin.com takes all 
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized 
access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially 
personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s
 computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each 
time the visitor returns. DrewGriffin.com uses cookies to help 
DrewGriffin.com identify and track visitors, their usage of 
DrewGriffin.com, and their website access preferences. DrewGriffin.com 
visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers 
should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using 
DrewGriffin.com’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of 
DrewGriffin.com’s websites may not function properly without the aid of 
cookies.

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, DrewGriffin.com may change
 its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in DrewGriffin.com’s sole 
discretion. DrewGriffin.com encourages visitors to frequently check this
 page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this 
site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your 
acceptance of such change.